### Create a New React App
When starting a React project, a simple HTML page with script tags might still be the best option. It only takes a minute to set up!

As your appliction grows, you might want to consider a more intergrated setup.There are several Javascript toolchains we recommand for larger applications.
Each of them can work with little to no configuration and lets you take full advantage of the rich React ecosystem

他们中的每一个都可以在很少甚至没有配置的情况下工作，并且使你能够充分利用丰富的React生态系统。

### Online Playground

If you're interested in playing around with React, you can use an online code playground.Try a Hello world template on CodePen, CodeSandbox, Glitch, or Stacklitz.

If you prefer to user you own text editor, you can also down this HTML file, edit it ,and open it from the local filesystem in your browser. It does a slow runtime code transformation, so we'd only recommand using this for simple demos.

它执行缓慢的运行时代码转换，因此我们建议只在简单的演示中使用它。

### Add React to a Website
You can add React to an HTML page in one minute. You can then either gradually expand its presence, or keep it contained to a few dynamic widgets.

### Try React
React has been designed from the start for gradual adoption, and you can use as litte or as much React as you need. Whether you want to get taste of React, add some interactivity to a simple HTML page, or start a complex React-powered app, the links in this section will help you get started.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Learn React 
People come to React from different backgrounds and with different learning styles. Whether you prefer a more theoretical or practical approach, we hope you'll find this section helpful.
使用React的人有不同的背景和不同的学习方式.无论你喜欢更理论的方法还是更实际的方法，我们都希望这部分对您有帮助。

* If you prefer to learn by doing, start with our practical tutorial
    如果你更喜欢边做边学，那就从我们的实践教程开始吧。
* If you prefer to learn concepts step by step, start with our guide to main concepts.
    如果你更喜欢一步一步的学习概念，那就从我们的主要概念指南开始。

Like any unfamiliar technology, React does have a learning curve. With practice and some patience, you will get the hang of it .   
像任何一门不熟悉的技术一样，React 确实有一个学习曲线。通过练习和耐心，你会掌握它的诀窍的。

### First Examples
The React homepage contains a few small React examples with a live editor. Even if you don't know anything about React yet, try changing their code and see how it affects the result.

### React for Beginners (初学者)
If you feel that the React documentaion goes at a faster pace than you're comfortable with, check out this overview of React by Tania Rascia. It introduces the most important React concepts in detailed, beginner-friendly way. Once you're done, give the documentation another try!

如果你觉得React的文档，速度比你想象的要快，看看Tania Rascia的React概述。它以初学者友好的方式，更详细地介绍了React的最重要的概念。完成后，再尝试一下文档！

### React for Designers
If you're coming from a design background, these resources are a great place to get started.

### JavaScript Resources
The React documentation assumes（假设）some familiarity with programming in the JavaScript language. You don't have to be an expert, but it's harder to learn both React and JavaScript at the same time.
React文档假定您熟悉JavaScript语言的编程。

We recommend going through this JavaScript overview to check your knowledge level. It will take you between 30 minutes and an hour but you will feel more confident learning React.

Tip: Whenever you get confused by something in JavaScript，MDN and JavaScript.info are great website to check. There are also community support forums where you can ask for help.

### Practical Tutorial
If you prefer to learn by doing, check out our practical tutorial. In this tutorial, we build a tic-tac-toe game in React. You might be tempted to skip it because you're not into building games - but give it a chance. The techniques you'll learn in the tutorial are fundamental to building any React apps, and mastering it will give you a much deeper understanding.

### Step-by-Step Guide
If you prefer to learn concepts step by step, our guide to main concepts is the best place to start. Every next chapter in it builds on the knowlegde introduced in the previous chapters so you won't miss anything as you go along.

### Thinging in React
Many React users credit reading Thinking in React as the moment React finally 'clicked' for them.

### Recommended Courses
Sometimes people find third-party books and video courses more helpful than the official documentation. We maintain a list of commonly recommended resources, some of which are free.

### Advanced Concepts(高级概念)
Once you're comfortable with the main concepts and played with React a little bit, you might be interested in more advanced topics. This section will introduce you to the powerful, but less commonly used React features lick context and refs.

### API Reference
This documentation section is useful when you want to learn more details about a particular React API. For example, React.Component API reference can provide you with details on how setState() works, and what different lifecycle methods are useful for.

























