https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/A_re-introduction_to_JavaScript

## A re-introduction to JavaScript(JS tutorial)

notorious：臭名昭著
deride ：嘲笑，愚弄
beneath: 在..下面，在...下方
deceptive: 欺骗性的
simplicity： 简单性
incredible: 难以置信的
overview : 概述
ill-fated : 注定失败的，注定倒霉的，时运不济的，结局悲惨的
capitalize on ： 充分利用某事物；从某事物中获利
despite：尽管，即使
compatible: 兼容的，可共用的
resulted in： 导致
significant: 重要的，有重大意义的，显著的
due to : 由于
political: 政治的
concerning： 关于，涉及
complexity：复杂性
confusion: 困惑，混乱
mechanism: 机制
syntax 语法
built-in 内置 
structure 结构
orient 面向，朝向
manipulate 操纵，控制
intend to 打算




Why a re-introduction ? Because JavaScript is notorious for being the world's most misundertood（被误解） programming language. It is often derided as being a toy（它常被嘲笑为玩具）, but beneath its layer of deceptive simplicity, powerful language features await. JavaScript is now used by an incredible number of hight-profile applications（JavaScript现在被大量的高性能应用程序所使用）, showing that deeper knowledge of this technology is an important skill for any web or mobile developer.

It's useful to start with an overview of the language's history. JavaScript was created in 1995 by Brendan Eich while he was an engineer at Netscape. JavaScript was first released with Netscape 2 early in 1996. It was originally going to be called LiveScript, but it was renamed in an ill-fated marketing decision that attempted to capitalize on the popularity of Sun Microsystem's Java language -- despite the two having very little in common. This has been a source of confusion ever since.

Several months later, Microsoft released JScript with Internet Explorer 3. It was a mostly-compatible JavaScript work-alike. Several months after that, Netscape submitted JavaScript to Ecma International, a European standards organization, which resulted in the first edition of the ECMAScript standard that year（这导致了ECMAScript标准的第一版）.The standard received a significant update as ECMAScript edition 3 in 1999（该标准在1999年作为ECMAScript第3版得到了重大更新）, and it has stayed pretty much stable ever since（从那以后，它一直保持稳定）. The fourth edition was abandoned, due to political differences concerning language complexity.（由于在语言复杂性方面存在政治分歧，第四版被放弃）Many parts of the fourth edition formed the basis for ECMAScript edition 5, published in December of 2009, and for the 6th major edition of the standard, published in June of 2015.

Because it is more familiar, we will refer to ECMAScript as 'JavaScript' from this point on.

Unlike most programming languages, the JavaScript language has no concept of input or output. It is designed to run as a scripting language in a host environment（它被设计成在主机环境中作为脚本语言运行）, and it is up to the host environment to provide mechanisms for communcating with the outside world. The most common host environment is the browser, but JavaScript interpreters（解释器） can also be found in a huge list of other places, including Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Photoshop, SVG images, Yahoo's Widget engine, server-side environments such as Node.js, NoSQL databases like the open source Apache CouchDB， embedded computers, complete desktop environments like GNOME,and others.


### Overview (概述)
JavaScript is a multi-paradigm（多范式）, dynamic language with types and operators, standard built-in objects, and methods.
(JavaScript是一种多范式的动态语言，具有类型和运算符、标准的内置对象和方法。)

Its syntax is based on the Java and C languages -- many structures from those languages apply to JavaScript as well. JavaScript supports object-oriented programming with object prototypes, instead of classes. JavaScript also supports functional programming -- because they are objects, functions may be stored in variables and passed around like any other object（因为它们是对象，所以函数可以存储在变量中并像其他对象一样传递）.

Let's start off by looking at the building blocks: the types. JavaScript programs manipulate values, and those values all belong to a type. JavaScript's types are: 

* Number
* String
* Boolean
* Object
* Function
* Symbol (new in ES2015)

... oh, and undefined and null ,which are...slightly odd. And Array, which is special kind of object.（数组，这是一种特殊的对象）

 And Date adn RegExp, which are objects that you get for free. And to be technically accurate, functions are just a special type of object.（函数只是一种特殊类型的对象）

 So the type diagram looks more like this: 

 * Number
 * String
 * Boolean
 * Symbol (new in ES2015)
 * Object
    * Array
    * Function
    * Date
    * RegExp
 * undefined
 * null
 
 And there are some built-in Error types as well. Things are a lot easier if we stick with the firest diagram, however, so we'll discuss the types listed there forr now.


### Variables
New variables in JavaScript are declared using one of three keywords: let, const, or var

* 'let' allows you to declare block-lever variables. The declared variable is available from the block it is enclosed in.

* 'const' allows you to declare variables whose values are never intended to change. The variable is available from the block it is declared in.

* 'var' is the most common declarative keyword. It does not have the restrictions（限制） that the other two keywords have. This is because it was traditionally the only way to declare a variable in JavaScript. A variable declared with the var keyword is available from the function it is declared in.

If you declare a variable without assigning any value to it, its type is undefined.

An important difference between JavaScript and other languages like Java is that in JavaScript, blocks do not have scope; only functions have a scope（块没有作用域；只有函数有作用域）. So if a variable is defined using var in a compound statement (for example inside an if control structure), it will be visible to the entire function. However, starting with ECMAScript 2015, let and const declarations allow you to create block-scoped variables.（let和const声明允许您创建块范围的变量）


### Operators
JavaScript's numeric operators are + - * / and % which is the remainder operator. Values are assigned using =, and there are also compound assignment statements such as += and -=. 

The + operator also does string concatenation. If you add a string to a number, everthing is converted into a string first. This might trip you up. Adding an empty string to something is a useful way of converting it to a string itself.

Comparisons in JavaScript can be made using <, >, <=, >=. These work for both strings and numbers. Equality is a little less straightforward.

