## styled-components

### Motivation
styled-components is the result of wondering how we could enhance【增强】 CSS for styling React component systems.
By focusing on a single use case we managed to optimize【优化】 the experience for developers as well as the output for end users.

Apart from【除了】 the improved【改善的，改进的】 experience for developers, styled-components provides:

* **Automatic critical CSS**:【自动、关键的CSS】 styled-components keeps track of which components are rendered on a page and injects their styles and nothing else, fully automatically. Combined with code splitting, this means your users load the least amount of code necessary.

* **No class name bugs**: styled-components generates【生成】 unique class names for your styles. You never have to worry about duplication【重复】, overlap【重叠，覆盖】 or misspellings【拼写错误】.

* **Easier deletion of CSS**: it can be hard to know whether a class name is used somewhere in you codebase. styled-components makes it obvious, as every bit of styling is tied to a specfic component. If the component is unused(which tooling can detect) and gets deleted, all its styles get deleted with it.

* **Simple dynamic styling**: adapting【调整】 the styling of a component based on【根据】 its props or a global theme is simple and intuitive【直观】without having to【无需】 manually【手动地】 manage【管理】 dozens of【几十、很多】 classes.

* **Painless maintennace**: you never have to hunt across different files to find the styling affecting your component, so maintenance is a piece of cake no matter how big your codebase is.
【您永远不必在不同的文件中搜索影响组件的样式，因此无论代码库有多大，维护都是小菜一碟。】

* **Automatic vendor prefixing**【自动供应商前缀】: write your CSS to the current standard【当前标准】 and let styled-components handle the rest. You get all of these benefits while still writing the CSS you know and love, just bound to individual components.
【将CSS编写成当前的标准，让样式化的组件处理其余部分。你可以在编写你所熟悉和喜爱的CSS的同时获得所有这些好处，只需绑定到各个组件。】

### Installation
Installing styled-components only takes a single command and you're ready to roll:

``` js
npm install --save styled-components
```
If you use a package manager like yarn that supports the "resolutions" package.json field, we also highly recommend 【强烈建议】you add an entry to it as well corresponding to【对应】the major version range【主版本范围】. This helps avoid an entire class of problems that arise from【产生于，起因于】 multiple versions of styled-components being installed in your project.

#### NOTE
It's highly recommended to also use the Babel plugin. It offers many benefits like more legible【清晰的】 class names, server-side rendering compatibility, smaller bundles, and more.

### Getting Started

styled-components utilises【使用】 tagged template literals【标记模板文本】 to style your components.

It removes the mapping between components and styles【它删除组件和样式之间的映射。】. This means that when you're defining your styles, you're actually creating a normal React component, that has your styles attached to it.
【这意味着在定义样式时，实际上是在创建一个普通的React组件，该组件附加了您的样式】

This example creates two simple components, a wrapper and a title, with some styles attached to it :

```js
    // style.js 文件：
    import styled from 'styled-components'

    // Create a Title Component that'll render an <h1> tag with some styles
    export const Title = styled.h1`
        font-size: 1.5em;
        text-align: center;
        color: palevioletred;
    `
    // Create a Wrapper component that'll render a <section> tag with some styles
    export const Wrapper = styled.section`
        padding: 4em;
        background: papayawhip;
    `
```

```js
    //index.js入口文件： 
    import { Wrapper, Title } from './style.js'
    // Use Title and Wrapper like any other React component - except they're styled! 
    render(
        <Wrapper>
            <Title>
                Hello world!
            </Title>
        </Wrapper>
    )
```

#### NOTE
The CSS rules are automatically vendor prefixed, styled-components takes care of that for you!
【CSS规则是自动添加供应商前缀的，styled-components会为您处理这些问题！】

### Adapting based on props 【基于props改变】

You can pass a function to a styled component's template literal to adapt it based on its props.

This button components has a primary state that changes its color. When setting the primary prop to true, we are swapping out its background and text color.

```js
    // style.js文件：
    import styled from 'styled-components'

    export const Button = styled.button`
        /* adapt the colors based on primary prop*/
        background: ${props => props.primary ? "yellow" : "blue"};
        color: ${props => props.primary ? "black" : "white"}
        font-size: 1em;
        padding: 0.25em 1em;
    `

```

```js
    // index.js 入口文件：
    import { Button } from './style.js'
    render(
        <div>
            <Button>
                button
            </Button>
            <Button primary>
                primary button
            </Button>
        </div>
    )
```

### Extending Styles
Quite frequently you might want to use a component, but change it slightly for a single case. Now, you could pass in an interpolated【内插】 function and change them based on some props, but that's quite a lot of effort for overrideing the styles once.

To easily make a new component that inherits the styling of another, just wrap it in the **styled()** constructor.【要轻松地创建一个继承另一个组件样式的新组件，只需将其包装在**styled（）**构造函数中即可。】

Here we use the button from the last section and create a special one, extending it with some color-related styling:

```js
    //style.js文件：
    import styled from 'styled-components'

    // The Button from the last section without the interpolations
    export const Button = styled.button`
        color: palevioletred;
        font-size: 1em;
        margin: 1em;
        padding: 0.25em 1em;
        border: 2px solid palevioletred;
        border-radius: 3px;
    `;

    // A new component based on Button, but with some override styles
    export const TomatoButton = styled(Button)`
        color: tomato;
        border-color: tomato;
    `;

```

```js
    // index.js入口文件：
    import {TomatoButton} from './style.js'
    render(
        <div>
            <TomatoButton>tomato button</TomatoButton>
        </div>
    )
```

We can see that the new TomatoButton still resembles【看起来像，类似于】 Button, while we have only added two new rules.

In some cases you might want to change which tag or component a styled component renders【在某些情况下，您可能希望更改样式化组件呈现的标记或组件】. This is common when building a navigation bar for example, where the are a mix of anchor links and buttons but they should be styled identically【相同的】.

For this situation, we have an escape hatch【逃生门】. You can use the **"as" polymorphic prop** to dynamically swap out the element that receives the styles you wrote:



